With the rapid development of Internet technology and computer technology, huge amounts of data are generated in the network, data acquisition and transmission way is becoming more and more convenient, in which data is becoming more and more big, the function of the human social production means is gradually will face a new era, this is the era of big data. , as the most important link in the era of big data, update and the content is a huge database for all walks of life have a decisive role. In-depth analysis from the network access to huge amounts of data, will be able to analyze the various information what you need, then you can use the information for planning a targeted, which significantly improve the work efficiency. Big data contained in the database data in a variety of channels to all the time in constant updates. For businesses, the source of the data and information is not limited to customer told that more or from the network. Through the network channels, the enterprise can in the first time to collect a large number of first-hand information, and can be calculated by modern information technology on the efficient sorting, induction, analysis, and then according to different customer's different hobbies and demand, one-on-one accurately targeted information and provide personalized service. To sum up, the advent of the era of big data prompted with the change of the enterprise business model, how to make their products can be more in line with customer demand, how to let oneself become the goods from the customers loyal fans, through the analysis of massive big data, you can do it. For now, limiting the development of the enterprise business is no longer the traditional product quality and product prices, but to get the largest customer group database and can be filtered for this large database processing of high performance computer, as well as efficient search algorithm.
Spread in the network in the era of big data, the amount of data than the early "EB" reached "ZB level". In order to improve to the largest extent to deal with such a huge amount of information efficiently, we must improve the computer network information technology. But at the same time in the rapid development of computer network information technology, the emergence of a large number of computer virus also began to gradually in the network, the data stored in a computer information caused great threat. At the same time, a computer virus can be physical diffusion through physical media, such as transmission through the mobile hard disk or usb flash drive, it will even threaten some airtight LAN system, a threat to the enterprise internal information, or to cause huge economic damage to property, or the loss of trade secret information. Such as the panda virus, it is a hard disk capacity has automatic transmission, automatic infection and strong ability of the virus, it not only can infect the system exe, com, pif, SRC, HTML, asp file, such as it can suspend a lot of antivirus software process and will delete extension gho file. Infected all users in the system. Exe executable files are all changed to panda holding three sticks of appearance, so called "panda" virus. Besides infected users through the website with this virus will spread in the local area network (LAN), within a very short time can be infected thousands of computers, serious when can cause network paralysis, poisoning the computer will turn blue, frequent restart as well as the system hard disk data files are destroyed.
Network security consciousness is put forward in recent years, before that, few people will pay attention to the personal information will inadvertently reveal. But in recent years a large number of personal information leakage speculation in the press makes a small number of people begin to pay close attention to this topic. Most people still put personal information leakage due to the computer security system itself, is not set up the consciousness of safety. This aspect is also updated iterations too fast because the computer network information technology, many people fail to grasp different computer software, this gives the attempt to steal others information of illegal ACTS, to the user personal also bring a lot of trouble. There are also some people do not take the account password confidential, and use simple and logical strong Numbers as passwords, such as "1234567890", "000000", and users' personal birthday, etc., this leads to the password can't play a proper role, then the user amounts of personal information leakage.
