Radio and television monitoring system, the system in the process of building and concrete application, various types of sensors can be seen as the foundation, is also one of indispensable important component. Against the whole range of the sensor is presented in this paper to study, want to combine actual requirements, to effectively expand the scope of its own. At the same time, also combined with the actual requirements, directly to the various monitoring devices as different parts of the sensor probe. So in the daily work process, can be directly among various types of facilities, to meet the requirements of the actual sensors for reasonable setting. Radio and television system in the process of construction and daily operation, cable part of the sensor is very important. The sensor in the process of practical application, to achieve the good application effect, it must be combined with the actual situation, while also using a large number of cable as a support. Such not only can realize the transmission of signals, but also can ensure the flux distribution and so on each work orderly [1]. In concrete operation process, due to a variety of different requirements for different types of equipment in the process of operation, so whether the signal itself has very good stability and higher requirements are put forward. Especially in the process of this type of cable construction, in order to achieve good construction effect, usually must be in the area of corresponding to the position of the sensor in a reasonable manner set up and use. , meanwhile, will also cable in the process of running a variety of different types of information gradually transformed into electric signal, through to the processing of these signals, in the process of running state of the whole system can realize the effective adjustment and control. In addition, in the environment of distribution box ark sensor set, have to be combined with the actual situation, because it involves a variety of different types of sensors, sensor types such as common is smoke sensor, photoelectric sensor, etc., so to carry on the reasonable choice and use of these sensors. This type of sensor in the process of practical application, the most obvious role is to monitor the status of enclosed Spaces, whether there is any of these Spaces can be objective judgment and analysis of the safety problems [2]. Sensors in the process of practical application, can obtain the corresponding signal, so that all of these signals can be transmitted to the corresponding alarm system, once appear abnormal phenomena, can immediately take targeted measures, to properly handle these problems.
When to control central nervous system, its fundamental purpose is to achieve for a variety of different types of hardware real-time effective monitoring and signal analysis, another part of the function and the purpose is to at present of the many radio and TV station, which is gradually building into a unified control the characteristics of the system. Through the reasonable operation of the system, can ensure the orderly conduct of broadcasting, also can be as much as possible to avoid some unnecessary accidents. At the same time, also can be implemented in practice for the whole programming of effective supervision and management, on the basis of played to avoid accident, can provide effective guarantee for broadcast quality. In the process of control center, generally can be divided into the central control of referred to in the preceding paragraph and the consequent central control. First of all, on the control of the central processing referred to in the preceding paragraph shall, in order to achieve good control effect, can through the various types of circuit boards, singlechip infrastructure in which the scientific and reasonable use, building to meet the requirements of the actual logic circuit. Especially the single-chip microcomputer in the running process, can be directly for a variety of different types of equipment running status, parameter and objective analysis and value differences between each other. In the process of analysis, if found between actual value and limit existence very big difference, then immediately take targeted measures to guarantee parameter adjustment work to implement. Second, in the process of the consequent control central, generally in order to achieve good control effect, can be directly introduced and using the application flow signal technology, through the technology in which scientific and reasonable use, can realize reasonable supervision and control of the whole system [3]. In the signal flow at the same time, develop, want to combine actual requirements, directly to the control system of the input, the content of the broadcast information in the input, will involve the information content including length, show the specific broadcast images, etc. Especially in the stage of show has just begun, has to be combined with the actual situation, carries on the depth of the supervision and management, so that you can contrast analysis on the image, find the existing problems, proposed targeted measures to guarantee each program has a very good cohesion between each other.
